all right guys it's time marvel vs
capcom 2 so far everybody is here except
chan chan will be here today so Jan if
you're watching this hope you come back
another day we miss you we miss you man
ok so in this match it is Anthony buzzer
versus Jonathan edge it's on the left
and guns on the right and from looks
today we are to have you have two black
hearts in this matchup right here so
let's jump black car vs team cap america
exactly oh this is gonna be good ok i
gon be no longer so it call me most good
Kevin most good I'm sorry but she is
just awful and I have like a top of
scene or something good ok Oh weekend oh
ok that's the worst them were blessed in
that d male trait and a solid Johnathan
oh shit cap back come on Ashley pocket
so captain america I'm sorry captain
falcon I did say come ha you're just
she'll punch Oh y'all black converse
black heart oh my I wonder who's gonna
win that one I bet ten thousand i bet my
whole house on cam Falcon Captain
America jump back down I think me can't
fuckin his time captain cylinder smash I
know my wants a cat flashes book on time
ruinart yeah my foot in your balls I
love that line
sorry these guys don't really know much
about the super combos what a beginner
yes yes it doesn't matter here so no
comments like oh they're not good you
guys dog now I can beat you guys see ya
guys I was gonna mention that get down
McConnell's play yeah you've been great
for your soul Jonathan that's changeable
children i'm using black art yeah i
delete him I just ignore me yeah me too
i do that and a year shuma yeah we don't
intend to go
you mean we go back to the mesh right so
far both my guys Johnny no more money
back layaway how do you switch again I
forget rajan came out there we go ya
like that how I live oh my God he's
humping his life good switch ah i should
make a change honey he Cyclops get the
Cyclops fire your laser looks like ops
it's not some in Cyclops like you
suppose I think it is p daddy okay i am
john i switch to this game but can you
listen to hard trying to make us in
America and kick replace captain america
with Cyclops there I didn't say captain
falcon this time mike walkley Cyclops I
think it did black I block it or not
completely that one play so much damage
out of even though if you're blocking
fire shoot usually I don't know how to
use it i don't know I'm again I don't
have to do anything in this game yet use
this that's right do I just even have
this game I don't know I don't have any
of you you just know anything I pregnant
with any of the games except the only
that I was we just got it last time I
play this game was what me and I never
uh I think heaven by the egg is on my
side optic blast Oh
is the winner usually all right now it's
you and me my cup me rice is joey gallo
minima so we got all right so go away on
the left side and Mike on the break this
watch is my first bad okay cable we're
gonna take a full ride shook it off like
Sadie choking on all right so you got
spider-man Wolverine and hands 0 vs
cable Iron Men njoku the coronal's hurt
your that's right Joker now yes those
cheapest character in the gate I don't
hate it oh come on Joey like you're
spider-man isn't cheap and all what are
you talking about tithing chic with a
whip swing yeah see uh there you go
that's timing man god damn Joey farm is
you're going easy on him it's taking
cable the next year going on like we're
so perfect sounds good I like that
oh my team ownage that was good I have
too much did Oh matter time oh did he
just hit both Wolverine hands for a man
thanks Joe so I am a man oh well I was
so totally pointless story shut up oh
why dont you judge think oh wow you just
know I don't want do that well you did
you just did apparently you just get or
we get here why next time
joking on is an x-men weeks a meal
enough French alright well alright well
eat it he didn't say that and Maureen is
uh yeah got God so he's gonna kill you
Warren's dead oh yeah we did eep dead
Wolverine Dan our driving man dead oh
come on show right yeah okay so we're
going to another pitch so see you later
see ya